README.md, before:

# interview-prep

Notes based on my limited experience so far.

_To my future self_.


## General advice

Interviewing is hard and being rejected over and over again could be discouraging and hurtful.

Remember: do not take it personal, you are not your job.

Next time you will get it, don't give up, Tarnished.

### Resume

Consult someone experienced to help you write your resume.

### Python


### SQL

[PostgreSQL Documentation](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/) to brush up basics.

Practice:

1. [sqlzoo.net](https://sqlzoo.net/wiki/SQL_Tutorial).
2. [leetcode.com](https://leetcode.com/).
3. [hackerrank.com](hackerrank.com).

### Algorithms & Data Structures

Whether you like it or not leetcode-like interviews are industry standard.

Use 'Easy' problems to warm-up, but don't waste too much on of a time on them.
Focus on 'Medium' level problems as most interviews consist of them.
If you have free time you can try to solve 'Hard' problems but they are rarely asked on real interviews.

If get stuck on a problem more than 30-60 minutes, just look up a solution, learn it and move on.
Do not waste time!

[Big O notation](https://neetcode.io/courses/lessons/big-o-notation)

[NeetCode: Python for Coding Interviews](https://neetcode.io/problems/python-sort-ascending)

[NeetCode 150](https://neetcode.io/practice)

### System Design

If you are applying for a position with Senior or higher level requirement, chances are that you will be asked about System Design. 

1. [Neetcode: System design for beginners](https://neetcode.io/courses/system-design-for-beginners/)
2. [ByteByteGo: Ace Your Next System Design Interview](https://bytebytego.com/?fpr=techinterviewhandbook)
3. [Grokking the System Design Interview](https://www.designgurus.io/course/grokking-the-system-design-interview)

### Behavioral interview

In any job it's important to have solid 'hard' skills and know what you are doing,
but remember that companies first and foremost are hiring people.
I'd prefer to work with someone I like and respect than with someone toxic-ass genius with zero social skills.

### Companies and people I wouldn't work with

### How to work on a legacy project

### How to approach work tasks and communication within team 

### Signs that your team lead is not good

### How do I know when it's time to leave?

Commit message:

add new sections
mistakes
if you are being wrong or not a good team player

README.md, after:

# interview-prep

Notes based on my limited experience so far.

_To my future self_.


## General advice

Interviewing is hard and being rejected over and over again could be discouraging and hurtful.

Remember: do not take it personal, you are not your job.

Next time you will get it, don't give up, Tarnished.


### Resume

Consult someone experienced to help you write your resume.

### Python


### SQL

[PostgreSQL Documentation](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/) to brush up basics.

Practice:

1. [sqlzoo.net](https://sqlzoo.net/wiki/SQL_Tutorial).
2. [leetcode.com](https://leetcode.com/).
3. [hackerrank.com](hackerrank.com).

### Algorithms & Data Structures

Whether you like it or not leetcode-like interviews are industry standard.

Use 'Easy' problems to warm-up, but don't waste too much on of a time on them.
Focus on 'Medium' level problems as most interviews consist of them.
If you have free time you can try to solve 'Hard' problems but they are rarely asked on real interviews.

If get stuck on a problem more than 30-60 minutes, just look up a solution, learn it and move on.
Do not waste time!

[Big O notation](https://neetcode.io/courses/lessons/big-o-notation)

[NeetCode: Python for Coding Interviews](https://neetcode.io/problems/python-sort-ascending)

[NeetCode 150](https://neetcode.io/practice)

### System Design

If you are applying for a position with Senior or higher level requirement, chances are that you will be asked about System Design. 

1. [Neetcode: System design for beginners](https://neetcode.io/courses/system-design-for-beginners/)
2. [ByteByteGo: Ace Your Next System Design Interview](https://bytebytego.com/?fpr=techinterviewhandbook)
3. [Grokking the System Design Interview](https://www.designgurus.io/course/grokking-the-system-design-interview)

### Behavioral interview

In any job it's important to have solid 'hard' skills and know what you are doing,
but remember that companies first and foremost are hiring people.
I'd prefer to work with someone I like and respect than with someone toxic-ass genius with zero social skills.

### Companies and people I wouldn't work with

### What to do made if you made an mistake or feeling like you're underperforming

### How to work on a legacy project

### How to approach work tasks and communication within team 

### Signs that you're not a good teammate or you don't fit

### Signs that your team lead is not good

### How do I know when it's time to leave?
